Where's my daughter?
I don't know.
The nurse on duty just took a short call at night
Stop time
The body is gone
I'm sorry His Royal Highness Zhang Wang
It's because I didn't take good care of your daughter.
I want your sorry what's the use
It's my daughter.
I just called her back.
She died because of me
It's restless to die now
Zhanhua, this should be done by someone on purpose
Maybe someone knows you're going to the imperial capital
behind the scenes
Specially use Miss Shi's corpse to contain you
The queen noticed that someone was secretly assembling troops
I suspect someone is going to send it to Dongcheng
That's why it's called.
The reason we went back
Set off for the imperial capital
I don't allow it.
Some people use my daughter as a tool master for their brother
Your Highness, my son works hard.
But was killed by the cannibal
I was the only one who got away with it.
I beg you to avenge our family
Don't worry.
You will not treat you badly if you work for me.
I will avenge this revenge for you
Back off
Dad please have tea
Be good, my good daughter.
Lucky you finally appeared
Waiting for you to return to the capital
We're about to have a good show